README.md, before:

![feature-graphic](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a15c664f-ce34-492a-8374-ab08db26a20a)

This app uses the game's client API to provide useful information and tools for players on their mobile.
Using the game's client API, this app provide useful information and tools for players on their mobile

- It allows to access the in-game coin shop daily rotation, and purchase items anywhere and anytime
- It allows to track the progression of the player across the different ranked seasons

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Build the app

   ```bash
   npm run reset
   ```

   ```bash
   npm run android
   npm run ios
   ```

3. Start the app

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

   In the output, you'll find options to open the app in the different environments.

## Disclaimer

_This project is a fan-made creation and is not affiliated with Aether Studios or Offbrand Games in any official capacity. All trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. This project was created solely as a community resource, for entertainment and educational purposes._

_The app is completely free to use, contains no advertisements, and does not generate any revenue. It does not collect nor transmit any personal information or data from users to any third party. Everything stays exclusively between your device and the official game servers._

Commit message:

Revise README with new graphic and key features
Updated feature graphic and improved feature list.

README.md, after:

![feature-graphic](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a44dba1e-4eec-4f21-a74a-33bf0d967b68)

Using the game's client API, this app provide useful information and tools for players on their mobile.

Key features:

- access the in-game coin shop daily rotation, and purchase items anywhere and anytime
- track the progression of the player across the different ranked seasons
- retrieve the list of ongoing and upcoming start.gg tournaments

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Build the app

   ```bash
   npm run reset
   ```

   ```bash
   npm run android
   npm run ios
   ```

3. Start the app

   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

   In the output, you'll find options to open the app in the different environments.

## Disclaimer

_This project is a fan-made creation and is not affiliated with Aether Studios or Offbrand Games in any official capacity. All trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. This project was created solely as a community resource, for entertainment and educational purposes._

_The app is completely free to use, contains no advertisements, and does not generate any revenue. It does not collect nor transmit any personal information or data from users to any third party. Everything stays exclusively between your device and the official game servers._
